# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-03-19

### Action items from last meeting
- Juan, Loic, Talley: To review #1040 and give refactor green light.
- Shannon: To look at how #1040 applies to non-layer components.
- Juan: To review #1010, #1033, #791, #1042, #1024.
- Talley: To get #1023 and #1030 ready for review.
- Nick: To work on roadmap for 0.3.0 - relabel 0.2.13 issues as 0.3.0 and close 0.2.13
- Kira: To continue work on website and #967
- Kira: To talk with Tony and Shannon about mouse bindings generalization ideas


### Agenda
- Nick: Update from Kevin on points layer - default properties, [#930](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/930#issuecomment-601022147).
- Talley: Update on current plugin PRs [#935](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/935), [#1023](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1023), [#1030](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1030) and summary [#936](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/936).
- Shannon: Event Handler refactor [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040).
- Talley: Layer Groups [#970](https://github.com/napari/napari/issue/970).
- Nick: Mouse bindings refactor [#1010](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1010), [#1033](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1033), [#1051](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1051).
- Kira: Mouse bindings generalization [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/issue/1048).
- Nick: Some renaming [#1047](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1047), [#1046](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1046).
- Juan: PyQt5 / PySide2 install [#1059](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1059).
- Juan: Remove skimage dependency [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061).
- Nick: Chain transforms [#1042](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1042).
- Talley: Contrast and gamma calculations in shader [#1056](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1056).
- Nick: non-coding biologist users.
- Nick: bundled apps for 0.3.0 release? [#496](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/496).

### Action items
- Juan: to review points issue #930
    - Should be able to add empty points layer and still have access to properties
- Juan: to review #1023 plugin sorter
- Talley: to drop "only with errors button"
- Talley: Create issue for general, unified error console rather than just plugins (or link to existing PR: #794)
- Juan: thorough review of #1040
- Shannon: minimal changes to #1040 so that it is runnable, minimal example refactor of the dims component
- Juan: re-review #1010
- Nick: comments in #1047: annotate that simply importing keybindings files actually executes decorators that add keybindings to the viewer.
- Genevieve to update PyQt5/napari install instructions. Note that order of the call matters.
- Juan: review #1061. Generally ok with the idea
- Nick: clean up #1042, then rebase/discuss #1053 including renaming of corner_pixels/top_left
- Talley: Make issue for installing IO plugins from a napari binary bundle.
- Genevieve: Make issue for IO *writing* plugins
--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- [ ] Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- [ ] Copy the Action items to Items from last meeting
- [ ] Clear out the rest of the document for the next meeting



<!-- issue links -->
[#937]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/937
[#764]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/764
[#763]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/763
[#885]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/885
<!-- issue links -->
