# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-04-02

### Action items from last meeting
- [x] Juan: to review #1023 plugin sorter
- [x] Juan Nick: to review #1024
- [x] Talley: Create issue for general, unified error console rather than just plugins (or link to existing PR: #794)
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of #1040
- [ ] Shannon: minimal changes to #1040 so that it is runnable, minimal example refactor of the dims component
- [x] Nick: to review installation tutorials PR [#61](https://github.com/napari/tutorials/pull/61).
- [x] Juan: review [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061) skimage dependency change. Generally ok with idea.
- [x] Talley: look into the different possibilities with PyInstaller: (1) tiny executable that actually just wraps and manages Anaconda; (2) plugins can *only* depend on the packages we ship.
- [x] Kira: Continue to prototype site, including the API reference integration
- [x] Juan: Respond to Kevin on #1069 regarding argument name and possible alternatives to the UI
- [x] Everyone: Think about what they would like the API to look like in terms of point classes/point values
- [ ] Kira: look at 1053 changes
- [ ] Juan: review 1053
- [x] Juan: look at 1048 and then 1051 and compare to requested changes in 1010
- [ ] Nick: add link to writer plugins working branch to issue #1068
- [ ] Continue to think about 8-bit vs 32-bit textures in Vispy.
- [ ] Nick: add test in #1053 using screenshot introspection
- [x] Juan: make an issue about controlling multiple layers together e.g. opacity, contrast limits


### Agenda
**Note:** Juan gave a great talk about napari yesterday, but we found out that Zoom does not work well if there are videos contained within a slideshow. All the videos were super slow and jumpy, whereas all the live demos were beautiful and responsive. If you have a zoom or videoconference talk coming up, we hope this is helpful! -- Gen.

- Nick: Update on DeepLabCut
- Nick: Update on Andy York / Calico / Acquisition 
- Nick: 0.3 roadmap [#1095](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1095)
- Nick: Plan for 0.3.0 release
- Kira: website update
- Nick: Tutorials PRs
- Talley: bundled app + plugins update [#1074](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1074#issuecomment-606162357)
- Genevieve: Layer groups [#1089](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1089)
- Talley: type annotation for layers [#1097](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1097)
- Nick: scikit-image dependency / examples data with pooch [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061)
- Nick: writer plugins [#1068](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1068)
- Talley: Plugin docs PR [#1030](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1030)
- Talley: add_image list inputs [#1092](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1092)
- Talley: plugin sys info [#1096](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1096)
- Talley: vispy gamma / clim updates [#1056](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1056)

### Action items
- [ ] Juan: review napari.org/tutorials PRs
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040) event handler
- [ ] Shannon: minimal changes to [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1041) event handler so that it is runnable, minimal example refactor of the dims component
- [ ] Juan: to review [#1051](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1051) shapes mouse bindings
- [ ] Nick: to follow up on [#898](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/898) shapes colors
- [ ] Juan: to follow up with Kevin on [#1069](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1069) points properties
- [ ] Juan: to comment on [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1048) Mouse bindings proposal
- [ ] Nick: add test in [#1053] using screenshot introspection
- [ ] Juan: final look at [#1092]
- [ ] Nick & Juan: final look at [#1043]
- [ ] Kira: investigate GitHub Actions to put out releases
- [x] Gen: Create good first issue for function to split one image layer along an axis into multiple layers, and a function to do the opposite (take multiple layers and join them along a new axis). DONE https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1025
- [x] Gen & Juan: add comment to layergroup issue summarizing discussion from today's meeting. DONE https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/970#issuecomment-608257106
- [ ] Nick & Talley: continue working on writer plugins [#1068](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1068)
- [ ] Juan: add comment to #1081
--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Copy the Action items to Items from last meeting
- Clear out the rest of the document for the next meeting
