# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-04-23

### Action items
- [x] Juan: review [#1183](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1183)
- [x] Talley: update save shortcuts in [#1185](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1185)
- [x] Juan: review [#1185](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1185)
- [x] Juan: review [#1173](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1173)
- [x] Nick: respond to discussion around dask chunking for movie files [pims2-prototype issue #1](https://github.com/danielballan/pims2-prototype/issues/1). Also relevant: this [pims PR #340](https://github.com/soft-matter/pims/pull/340) speeds up random access time of PyAVReaderIndexed by an order of magnitude (and should be included in the [next pims release](https://github.com/soft-matter/pims/issues/342)).
- [x] Juan: finish tests for magic layer name guessing [#1186](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1186)
- [ ] Kira/Juan: look into pros and cons of layer interface ABC vs protocols. Loic specifically flagged issue of: will PyCharm pick up missing methods if something is declared as adhering to a particular protocol. VSCode also worth checking out
- [ ] Kira: ? Standalone PR to add float sliders vendored from magicgui ?


### Agenda

- Nick: 0.3.0 release and some napari wins!
- Planned for 0.3.1 release ~5/11
    - Kevin: Shape color refactoring #898
    - Talley: Icons & resource generation #1221
    - Talley: CLI - plugin args #1220
- 0.3.2 and beyond
    - Gen: Layer Groups #970
    - Phil W.: non-blocking views #845
    - Talley: Qt multithreading #1210
    - Nick: World Coordinates
    - Talley: Persistant settings #1183

### New action items
- [x] Talley: investigate why we can't write icons resources anywhere on Windows
    - fixed in #1229
- [ ] Talley: adding name to layer when reading in from plugins
- [ ] Kira/Juan: look into pros and cons of layer interface ABC vs protocols. Loic specifically flagged issue of: will PyCharm pick up missing methods if something is declared as adhering to a particular protocol. VSCode also worth checking out
- [ ] Kira: ? Standalone PR to add float sliders vendored from magicgui ?
- [ ] Juan: review [#1220](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1220)



--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
