# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-05-14

### Action items
- [x] Talley: investigate why we can't write icons resources anywhere on Windows
    - fixed in #1229
- [x] Talley: adding name to layer when reading in from plugins.
    - done in #1232
- [x] Kira/Juan: look into pros and cons of layer interface ABC vs protocols. Loic specifically flagged issue of: will PyCharm pick up missing methods if something is declared as adhering to a particular protocol. VSCode also worth checking out
- [ ] Kira: ? Standalone PR to add float sliders vendored from magicgui ?
- [x] Juan: review [#1220](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1220)


### Agenda

- Nick: 0.3.1 release.
- Nick: Telemetry / bug reporting #621.
- Plans for 0.3.2
    - Talley: #1210 multithreading.
    - Talley: #1183 settings.
    - Kevin: #1248 shapes colors refactor.
- Phil: Performance learnings.
- Kira: Update on event handler #1042
- Kira: Update on website.
- Gen: Layer groups #1089.
- Nick: World coordinates (shape/ extent).

### New action items
- [ ] Nick/ Juan: Create list of fake/ real datasets for performance benchmarking.
- [x] Juan: make nbscreenshot issue (flexible version of #756)
- [ ] Juan: ask for Trove classifier :crossed_fingers: 
- [x] Gen to open PR removing step size 1 from _get_extents() methods. DONE: https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1255


--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
