# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-03-26

### Action items from last meeting
- [ ] Juan: to review points issue #930
    - Should be able to add empty points layer and still have access to properties
- [ ] Juan: to review #1023 plugin sorter
- [x] Talley: to drop "only with errors button" in #1024
- [ ] Talley: Create issue for general, unified error console rather than just plugins (or link to existing PR: #794)

- [x] Juan: re-review #1010. DONE [#1010](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1010) merged
- [x] Nick: comments in [#1047](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1047): annotate that simply importing keybindings files actually executes decorators that add keybindings to the viewer. DONE [#1047](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1047) merged
- [ ] Genevieve to update PyQt5/napari install instructions. Note that order of the call matters. IN PROGRESS at [napari/tutorials#61](https://github.com/napari/tutorials/pull/61) not yet merged.
- [ ] Juan: review [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061) skimage dependency change. Generally ok with idea.
- [x] Nick: clean up [#1042](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1042), then rebase/discuss [#1053](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1053) including renaming of corner_pixels/top_left. DONE [#1042](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1042) merged
- [x] Talley: Make issue for installing IO plugins from  binary bundle. DONE in [#1074](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1074)
- [x] Genevieve: Make issue for IO *writing* plugins. DONE in [#1068](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1068)


### Agenda

- Talley: installing plugins in bundled app [#1074](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1074).
- Kira: Website update.
- Nick: Update on [#1069](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1069), creating empy points layers with properties. Closes [#930](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/930).
- Nick: Mouse bindings refactor update [#1010](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1010) merged, [#1033](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1033) close, [#1051](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1051) need to address comments.
- Kira: Mouse bindings generalization proposal [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1048).
- Genevieve, Nick: Writer plugins [#1068](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1068).
- Talley: vispy contrast limits, gamma update [#1056](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1056).
- Nick: Pyramid clipping bug fix [#1053](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1053).
- Genevieve, Talley: Nested layer groups [#970](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/970).

### Action items
- [ ] Juan: to review #1023 plugin sorter
- [ ] Juan Nick: to review #1024
- [x] Talley: Create issue for general, unified error console rather than just plugins (or link to existing PR: #794)
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of #1040
- [ ] Shannon: minimal changes to #1040 so that it is runnable, minimal example refactor of the dims component
- [ ] Nick: to review tutorials PR
- [ ] Juan: review [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061) skimage dependency change. Generally ok with idea.
- [ ] Talley: look into the different possibilities with PyInstaller: (1) tiny executable that actually just wraps and manages Anaconda; (2) plugins can *only* depend on the packages we ship.
- [ ] Kira: Continue to prototype site, including the API reference integration
- [ ] Juan: Respond to Kevin on #1069 regarding argument name and possible alternatives to the UI
- [ ] Everyone: Think about what they would like the API to look like in terms of point classes/point values
- [ ] Kira: look at 1053 changes
- [ ] Juan: review 1053
- [ ] Juan: look at 1048 and then 1051 and compare to requested changes in 1010
- [ ] Nick: add link to writer plugins working branch to issue #1068
- [ ] Continue to think about 8-bit vs 32-bit textures in Vispy.
- [ ] Nick: add test in #1053 using screenshot introspection
- [ ] Juan: make an issue about controlling multiple layers together e.g. opacity, contrast limits

--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- [ ] Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- [ ] Copy the Action items to Items from last meeting
- [ ] Clear out the rest of the document for the next meeting


<!-- issue links -->
[#937]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/937
[#764]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/764
[#763]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/763
[#885]: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/885
<!-- issue links -->
