# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-04-23

### Action items
- [x] Nick: finish code improvements in [#1104](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1104)
- [x] Talley: dialogs for saving
- [ ] Nick: alias viewer.layers.save -> viewer.save
- [x] Talley: finish up naplugi, ensure user instructions are updated for that, including naplugi docs.
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040) event handler, including running it.
- [ ] Juan: to comment on [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1048) Mouse bindings proposal.
- [x] Nick/ Kira/ Justine/ Shannon meet next week to discuss event handler.
- [x] Nick/ Kira/ Justine/ Jenn meet next week to discuss website
- [x] Talley: create issue about autodoc vs manual generation. DONE #1166
- [ ] Gen: continue work on layer groups.


### Agenda

- Nick: Neubias webinar invitaton.
- Nick: Phil W. contract.
- Talley: Peristance settings #1183.
- Talley: Qt save dialog #1185.
- Talley: Dask caching #1173.
- Juan: Magic layer name guessing in #1186.
- Kira: Pros/ Cons of interface class in #1040.
- Gen: Layer groups update.
- Justine: Opening image guide #1132.

### New action items
- [ ] Juan: review [#1183](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1183)
- [ ] Talley: update save shortcuts in [#1185](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1185)
- [ ] Juan: review [#1185](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1185)
- [ ] Juan: review [#1173](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1173)
- [ ] Nick: respond to discussion around dask chunking for movie files [pims2-prototype issue #1](https://github.com/danielballan/pims2-prototype/issues/1). Also relevant: this [pims PR #340](https://github.com/soft-matter/pims/pull/340) speeds up random access time of PyAVReaderIndexed by an order of magnitude (and should be included in the [next pims release](https://github.com/soft-matter/pims/issues/342)).
- [ ] Juan: finish tests for magic layer name guessing [#1186](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1186)
- [ ] Talley: adding name to layer when reading in from plugins
- [ ] Kira/Juan: look into pros and cons of layer interface ABC vs protocols. Loic specifically flagged issue of: will PyCharm pick up missing methods if something is declared as adhering to a particular protocol. VSCode also worth checking out
- [ ] Kira: ? Standalone PR to add float sliders vendored from magicgui ?

--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
