# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-04-16

### Action items
- [x] Nick: update 0.3 roadmap PR [#1095](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1095). MERGED
- [x] Nick: add test in [#1053](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1053) using screenshot introspection (merge [this PR](https://github.com/sofroniewn/napari/pull/2)) DONE
- [x] Nick & Talley: continue working on writer plugins [#1068](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1068)
- [x] Kira: potential PR using GH Actions for release
- [x] Juan: Final look on removing skimage [#1061](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1061) MERGED
- [x] Talley: [#1111](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1111): no iterables, kwargs get passed to each layer assuming that the layer can take it. MERGED


### Agenda
- Nick/ Talley: "Hosted" dask update.
- Nick: Plans for 0.3.0 release.
- Nick (Kevin): Vectors color improvements [#1130](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1130).
- Kira: Automation of release process [#1138](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1138).
- Nick: Pyramids bug fix [#1053](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1130).
- Gen: Layer groups update [#1089](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1089).
- Talley: Writer plugins update [#1104](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1104).
- Nick: [napari-svg](https://github.com/sofroniewn/napari-svg) writer plugin.
- Nick: Dropping `path` arg from `add_image`/ `add_labels`.
- Talley: Plugin error handling [#1145](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1145).
- Nick: Visibility keybinding [#1147](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1147).
- Nick: Improve console message [#1133](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1133).
- Nick: Improve start-up display [#1132](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/1132).


### New action items
- [ ] Juan: new comments on pyramid clipping: (1) comment on display DPI issue, (2) clarify how rounding factor works: actually rounding "precision".
- [ ] Juan: Review + merge [#1130](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1130) and [#1138](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1138)
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040) event handler, including running it
- [ ] Juan: to comment on [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1048) Mouse bindings proposal
- [ ] Nick: turn off pyramid auto-generation
- [ ] Nick: make 0.3.0 release
- [ ] Nick: napari-svg: add tests but no CI. Rely on integration tests in napari itself
- [ ] Talley: make PR to remove path= from add_image and add_labels; should add `_plugin=` kwarg and `_layer_type` kwarg.


--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
