# Napari developer meetings

## 2020-04-23

### Action items
- [x] Juan: new comments on pyramid clipping: (1) comment on display DPI issue, (2) clarify how rounding factor works: actually rounding "precision".
- [x] Juan: Review + merge [#1130](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1130) and [#1138](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1138).
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040) event handler, including running it.
- [ ] Juan: to comment on [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1048) Mouse bindings proposal.
- [x] Nick: make PR to turn off pyramid auto-generation - now at [#1159](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1159).
- [ ] Nick: make 0.3.0 release.
- [x] Nick: napari-svg: add tests but no CI. Rely on integration tests in napari itself.
- [x] Nick: add tests to writer plugins PR [#1104](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1104).
- [x] Talley: make PR to remove path= from add_image and add_labels; should add `_plugin=` kwarg and `_layer_type` kwarg.


### Agenda
- Nick: Writer plugins [#1104](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1104).
- Talley: Qt dialogs for saving.
- Nick: [napari-svg](https://github.com/sofroniewn/napari-svg) update.
- Talley: dropping path argument from add_image [#1149](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1149).
- Nick: Remaining 0.3.0 items.
- Talley: napari pluggy fork.
- Gen: Layer groups [#1089](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1089).
- Kira: Event handler refactor updates [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040). 
- Kira: Website updates
- Justine: Improve start-up display [#1132](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1132).
- Phil W.: Vispy sawtooth fix [vispy/vispy#1852](https://github.com/vispy/vispy/issues/1852).
- Nick: Improve console message [#1133](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1133).
- Nick: 0.3 roadmap review.

### New action items
- [ ] Nick: finish code improvements in [#1104](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1104)
- [ ] Talley: dialogs for saving
- [ ] Nick: alias viewer.layers.save -> viewer.save
- [ ] Talley: finish up naplugi, ensure user instructions are updated for that, including naplugi docs.
- [ ] Juan: thorough review of [#1040](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1040) event handler, including running it.
- [ ] Juan: to comment on [#1048](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/1048) Mouse bindings proposal.
- [ ] Nick/ Kira/ Justine/ Shannon meet next week to discuss event handler.
- [ ] Nick/ Kira/ Justine/ Jenn meet next week to discuss website
- [ ] Talley: create issue about autodoc vs manual generation
- [ ] Gen: continue work on layer groups.

--------------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
