# napari documentation working group

Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg

## 2021-10-27

### Last week's action items

- [x] [name=melissa] Create an issue w/ migraton proposal for documents from napari/napari to napari/napari.github.io
- [ ] [name=melissa] Create a plan with PR merging strategy for reorganization of docs
    - Partly done. [Some notes here](https://hackmd.io/@melissawm/HJArEXPIY)


### Agenda

- Melissa is off work next week, fyi
- Reorganization PRs. Melissa will check with Jeremy & Kira, etc. about how often docs build.
- Any blockers?
    - Draga: needs reviews on how to how to. Review content. After re-org, Draga will reopen a PR in napari/napari
        - [How-to Template](https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/181)
        - [Installation How-To Reformat](https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/184)
        - [Preparing your notebook tutorial](https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/206)
        - Tutorial template (coming soon)
        - Contributing documentation tutorial (coming soon)
- Design bugs. Justin plans to try to add these to a sprint sometime in December/January. Relatively low priority, not urgent.
- Prioritization brainstorming - https://app.mural.co/t/czi5873/m/czi5873/1634165235277/69ac8abbe0898af83ba53e3cdf1ba064334f1205?sender=0d10addf-93e0-4f1b-b3ad-4d4ef042af88
    - Final decision: we'll tackle the low effort / high impact corner.
    - ... some more discussion we had during the meeting...
    - Low effort, high impact: Very obvious support/help button. Let's add a very obvious "Ask for help" page to the TOC sidebar, and direct people to the image.sc forum (and maybe the zulip?).
    - Low effort, high impact: expose the napari/examples content on the website (ask Melissa for opinions about how best to do this?)
    - Low effort, high impact: update "what is napari" to include the pugin ecosystem awareness. Could add a paragraph to the landing page with a link (maybe to the hub?)
    - Slightly higher effort, high impact: Gallery, napari in the wild. Plugin showcase gallery. We can ask for cool napari use cases on twitter, that's  great place people share neat things.
    - We discussed a napari news page. It would be good if we could automate pulling content in, for example from the napari twitter acount posts/likes, or a summary of image.sc posts with the napari tag, plus some mix of release notes and upcoming events. Relatively easy to do, but we will probably put effort into website features where the content doesn't go stale quite as fast, at least to start.

### Next week's action items
- [ ] Justin to export the mural board and put a copy with the meeting notes
- [ ] Justin to schedule design bugs time into a sprint sometime in December/January
- [ ] Gen should review some of Draga's PRs for content
- [ ] Melissa (really for week of 8th/9th November) Reorganization PRs. Melissa will check with Jeremy & Kira, etc. about how often docs build.
- [ ] Melissa (really for week of 8th/9th November) to think about how to expose or integrate napari/examples data on the website (and possibly if there's a better way to integrate workshop content, eg: Nick's NEUBIAS notebooks)

------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2021/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
