# napari documentation working group

Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg

## 2021-10-15

### Last week's action items

- [x] Ask Robert Haase for his glossary list, update comments in https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3231 (Chi-Li)
Glossary draft: 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AJbUOHcG9rDaqLh0FwfBIMb3M1oZjMvKZQg3yBTCf8g/edit?usp=sharing
- [x] Justin to kickoff brainstorming


### Agenda

- Sphinx warnings (Melissa)
- Glossary update (Chi-Li)
    - Chi-Li is putting together a draft. We think we should start with something minimal and then add more over time.
    - Glossary draft: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AJbUOHcG9rDaqLh0FwfBIMb3M1oZjMvKZQg3yBTCf8g/edit?usp=sharing
    - Link out to relevant more in-depth docs
    - Good idea, look at sphinx autogenerated docs to see the most commonly used terms and make sure they're in the glossary (Melissa could look into this)
- Broken link checker update (Gen) https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/issues/196
- New theme rollout (Justin) Jeremy's been doing some good work here, estimated Friday/Monday inclusion.
- Brainstorming next phase - https://app.mural.co/t/czi5873/m/czi5873/1634165235277/69ac8abbe0898af83ba53e3cdf1ba064334f1205?sender=0d10addf-93e0-4f1b-b3ad-4d4ef042af88

### Next week's action items

- [ ] Melissa will investigate possible tags we could use for the existing documents
- [ ] Prioritize next steps, along high impact/effort axes - [Link to mural board](https://app.mural.co/t/czi5873/m/czi5873/1634165235277/69ac8abbe0898af83ba53e3cdf1ba064334f1205?sender=0d10addf-93e0-4f1b-b3ad-4d4ef042af88)
- [ ] Invite Jeremy and Kira to the next meeting (Justin)
------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2021/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
