# Napari developer meetings

[TOC]

## 2021-10-21

### Agenda

- [Nick] 0.4.12 release
- [Juan] Volume attenuation and VisPy update PRs/Issue [#3494](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3494) [#3301](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3301)
- [Nathan/Juan] PR Party Redux â€” let's lock a date in
- [Nathan] euro plugin meeting timing?
- [Lucy] UX research study on quality metrics- sign up! https://airtable.com/shrCwpTut50NLrm3C
- [Melissa] Documentation organization update and plan
- [Andy] mini architecture WG update (opportunity for plugin crossover)
    - https://hackmd.io/WYbilW1ZSJKy6c5bgmI1tw

### Last Weeks Agenda

- [Gonzalo?] Bundled app WG update
- [Andy] architecture WG update
    - Overview now lives in [this discussion](https://github.com/napari/napari/discussions/3459). Feel free to join in and add!
- [Draga?/Melissa] Documentation working group update
    - tags! 'give me all pages related to tracks, regardless of level/purpose'
- [Jeremy] napari.org theme updates
- [Nathan/Talley] plugin WG
    - built-in plugins manifest! (to be pushed)
    - https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3426
- [Isabela (on behalf of Lia)] progress bar design feedback
    - Based on [napari/napari #3002](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3002)
    - [Questions and side by side images on Figma](https://www.figma.com/proto/nl19TPV1yOuoCBVfgLGpAS/Progress-bars?page-id=36%3A1580&node-id=219%3A872&viewport=288%2C48%2C0.15&scaling=scale-down&starting-point-node-id=217%3A100&show-proto-sidebar=1)
- [Nathan] PR Party



### New action items


------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
