# napari eurasia meeting 2021-10-20 9am CEST

Meet at https://gather.town/app/nq1oQrNJ1UIQ5t01/imagesc-island in the napari hut

click on a participant in the participants list to find your way to them.

## previous meeting notes

https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/blob/main/2021/2021-10-06-eurasia.md

## action items from last meeting

- [ ] Grzegorz to create issue about persisting parameters for plugins across runs
    - Grzegorz: permanent storage for plugins
        - e.g. json + objects providing custom serialisation and deserialisation.
        - plugins can implement save config/load config for now
        - napari could e.g. for functional plugins automatically save parameters for functional plugins between runs.
        - napari plugin infrastructure could allow saving parameter sets as "profiles"

## Agenda

- Juan: zarr-python just merged support for fancy indexing :tada:: https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/725
    - means we can do editing of on-disk labels without relying on tensorstore (great, but quite heavyweight)
- Juan demo: viewing zarr files remotely with ssh and dask.
    - so cool! generic napari-browser based on napari-omero? with thumbnail viewer? :+1: 
    - Grzegorz: maybe can automatically check for sftp source of dask array, then set single-thread scheduler for that image.
- Robert: [Napari-tools-menu](https://github.com/haesleinhuepf/napari-tools-menu) and [napari-tabu](https://github.com/haesleinhuepf/napari-tabu)
    - need to organise things in menus
    - need to have menu items actually do things, rather than create a dock widget
    - need to be able to open a new window
    - [search plugins](https://www.napari-hub.org/plugins/napari-plugin-search)
- Lorenzo: dense/sparse points complications (https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/906)
- Alister: move points 3d demo and API discussion
- Alister: Q about old ML dataset demo with slider and inconsistent image sizes, Q about status of actions
- visualization backend plans for the future (vispy?)
Any more people want to be involved in the documentation working group? https://napari.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/298358-working-group-documentation

Notes
-----
- 




Action items
------------

- 
