# Napari developer meetings

[TOC]

## 2021-10-28

### This week Agenda
 - [Eric]Getting Async as default
 - [Lucy and Isabela] [Working groups documentation PR](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3558/files). Feedback is welcome (and a little help needed)!
 - The PR party happened!

### Last week Agenda

- [Nick] 0.4.12 release
- [Juan] Volume attenuation and VisPy update PRs/Issue [#3494](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3494) [#3301](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3301)
- [Nathan/Juan] PR Party Redux â€” let's lock a date in
- [Nathan] euro plugin meeting timing?
- [Lucy] UX research study on quality metrics- sign up! https://airtable.com/shrCwpTut50NLrm3C
- [Melissa] Documentation organization update and plan
- [Andy] mini architecture WG update (opportunity for plugin crossover)
    - https://hackmd.io/WYbilW1ZSJKy6c5bgmI1tw





### New action items


------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
