# Napari developer meetings

## 2021-09-02

### Agenda
- Nick: 0.4.11 release
- Plugin Workgroup â€“ declarative manifest.
- Andy: architecture working group - updates
    - [meeting notes](https://hackmd.io/WYbilW1ZSJKy6c5bgmI1tw)
    - [priorities](https://hackmd.io/ciRyBvssT66BJD-Sz_5wsw)
    - Should there be multiple meetings to cater to different timezones while we have the momentum?
- Jeremy: napari.org redesign
- Justin/ Gen: Docs working group update
    - Scope: coordinate and identify needs around content, opportunities for improvement, and so on.
    - Two areas to start: get the foundation for sustainable documentation and then address content gaps
- Juan: midi control demo


### New action items


------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
