Meeting Minute 2021-10-05
===

###### tags: `working-group` `plugin`

:::info
- **Date:** 2021-10-05
- **Agenda**
    - [last week](https://hackmd.io/DrQsWi6aTXu7MEdkD_YrEA)
    - Command registry ([#3375][], [#3376][])
    - Review remaining hookspecs to add to manifest
    - npe2 review
- **Participants:**
    - Nathan Clack, Pam Wadhwa, Matthias Bussonnier, Talley Lambert, Justin Kiggins
:::

- npe2 overview/walkthrough

### Remaining manifest items
priorities
- experimental provide dock widget
- analysis plugin hook spec maybe not so great
   - really a kind of widget
    
### commands, key bindings, context manager

- current viewer concept
    - concerns
        - hidden state
        - is current viewer the right context
    - concept of current/active viewer seems well defined
    - source of event
    
- context model
    - evented so it can have side effects on items
    - performance
        - right click on layer list,evals whole context
 ### 
<!-- Discussion goes here-->

## Next steps
<!-- Action items go here -->

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

- [ ] After the meeting add the minutes to the 'working-group/plugins' folder of [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).

## Links

* [Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18zNXI5M2VjNnZ0cDhzbWhtN2R2NXVvdDB2NEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
* [HackMD space](https://hackmd.io/team/napari-wg-plugin)
* [Recorded meeting notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/tree/master/2021/working-groups/plugins)

[#3375]: https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3375
[#3376]: https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3376